I like it. Im gonna share a screenshots of the app flow. Modify UI to match that. Read the picture names so you can understand ye? The settings button must take the user to: Profile Settings, Notifications settings, Delete Account, Privacy Policy and Terms of service, Support. Management updates should strictly be for updates sent through the management web. Nothing from the Events or rsvps. GUEST PAGE: the fab should open a screen that still contains the bottom navbar but has the following: Enter guest name and surname, Phone number (Optional, if user enters it, then twillio will send message after the code is generated), Checkbox if the code is for courier or delivery (this then marks the guest as courier, security will see that), or drop off or visitor. Then button at the bottom that says "Generate Code". When pressed: Generate QR code that can be scanned at the gate, along with the code and a message that says "Code sent" or "Code was not sent, Copy the code below!". Then below that there should be a copy code button that copies a configured message that says "Hi, you have been invited to [ESTATE NAME], unit []. Show the code below to the securities [code]. Your code is valid from [Validity period]. We hope you enjoy your vsit at [estate name]. then a google maps link to the estate". Remember that there should be a back button present for these aditional screens, and those warnings that ask the user if they wanna cancel making the code etc or something similar. Then the guests tab has the analytics, filters and the code list. whenever the app user taps on one of the codes on the code lists, it should show them logs of entry and exit, time spent in estate and similar data, and an option below for deactivating the code. THATS IT FOR GUEST TAB. REPORTS: the screenshot explains most of the info, and the verified contractors tab: the management adds these themselves on their web platform. so when user presses the FAB, a new screen should appear with the navbar still showing, and they should be able to add a title, description, priority and categories of the report (strictly maintenance). also an option to add pictures or videos then a submit report button. The AI will screen through the report, but, that will be spoken about later. we are still in the ui phase. Closed and archived is self explainatory. COMMUNITY: Replace security with "Posts" instead. allow them to add a picture the moment they type in the "New post" textarea. then the mock posts shouldnt all be anonymous. make mock data there. EVENTS: add a fab for the resident or user to add an event. title, description, image (optional). date, time, venue. Must be editable, must be able to see rsvps and who rsvpd. Must allow other residents to comment on the event. add likes and comment deletion (by management and event author). Amenity bookings: Check my screenshot, but the management should be able to delete or reschedure WITH REASON and approval from resident